---
title: What I've been up to
---

Been a while, managed to get 3 A Levels in the time since we last spoke. Guess I should let you know what I've been doing.

The C# A Level coursework I chose to write was a GUI-based, turn-based fighting game heavily inspired by Pokémon. Looking back, the code is pretty bad (as expected from 2018 me, and I've still got a lot to learn).
<!--more-->

Luckily I kept practicing and eventually managed to make something using Microsoft's WPF framework that I might actually consider myself proud of. It was a binary explorer based on AQA's A Level skeleton program for 2019 students. The project was a text adventures game where the data could be saved and loaded by the program in the form of binary files. My program could open the binary files and change the values, allowing new games to be created using this framework.

It was very simple, but effective stuff and it helped me learn the all important tool for programmers that is version control, opting in to using GitHub for this project ([the repository is still public if you're feeling nosey](https://github.com/CRISPYricePC/AQATextAdventuresEditor)).

Eventually got accepted into Uni of Leeds with my A*AB, so I quickly had to learn Python, JavaScript, Java and C. It was around this time that I made my [GitLab for university projects](https://gitlab.com/CRISPYrice).

And that brings us up to speed, I think! TL;DR I'm a university student trying to improve their ability to adult, I'll let you know how it goes!